Planning/TaskPrioritisation.md, before:

# Task Prioritisation

## Overview
This document outlines the tasks and their priority level for the project. This project will use the Value vs Effort matrix to determine the priority of tasks.

## Tasks and Priorities

### Legend
Overall the metrics go from low to high number this equivalent to low to high priority. The higher the number, the more important the task is to the project.
- **Task Name**: The name of the task to be completed.
- **Effort**: The estimated effort required to complete the task.
- **Value**: The value or benefit the task provides to the user or the system.
- **Quadrant**: The quadrant in the Value vs Effort matrix where the task falls

### Value vs Effort Matrix

This project uses a Value vs Effort matrix to prioritize tasks. Each task is evaluated on two dimensions:

**Value Scale (1-5):**
- 1 = Very Low Value
- 2 = Low Value  
- 3 = Medium Value
- 4 = High Value
- 5 = Very High Value

**Effort Scale (1-5):**
- 1 = Very Low Effort
- 2 = Low Effort
- 3 = Medium Effort
- 4 = High Effort
- 5 = Very High Effort

**Resulting Quadrants:**
- **Q1**: Low Value (1-2), Low Effort (1-2) - **Fill Ins** - Do when you have spare time
- **Q2**: Low Value (1-2), High Effort (3-5) - **Time Sinks** - Avoid or deprioritize  
- **Q3**: High Value (3-5), Low Effort (1-2) - **Quick Wins** - Do first
- **Q4**: High Value (3-5), High Effort (3-5) - **Major Projects** - Plan carefully

*All assessments are subjective and can be adjusted based on a group consensus.*

| Task Name                                            | Effort | Value | Quadrant |
|------------------------------------------------------|--------|-------|----------|
| Create Account                                       |   3    |   5   |    Q4    |
| Delete Account                                       |   1    |   5   |    Q3    |
| Update Account Info                                  |   2    |   5   |    Q3    |
| Create Server-Specific Names                         |   4    |   3   |    Q4    |
| View Account Info                                    |   1    |   5   |    Q3    |
| Email Verification                                   |   3    |   5   |    Q4    |
| Password Reset                                       |   2    |   5   |    Q3    |
| Set Personal Data deletion on Server Leave Globally  |   1    |   5   |    Q3    |
| Set Account Not Included in Backups Globally         |   1    |   5   |    Q3    |
| Login                                                |   2    |   5   |    Q3    |
| Logout                                               |   2    |   5   |    Q3    |
| Two-Factor Authentication                            |   4    |   5   |    Q4    |
| View Status                                          |   2    |   2   |    Q1    |
| Modify Status                                        |   1    |   1   |    Q1    |
| Block Users                                          |   3    |   4   |    Q4    |
| Mute Users                                           |   3    |   3   |    Q4    |
| Unblock Users                                        |   1    |   4   |    Q3    |
| Unmute Users                                         |   1    |   3   |    Q3    |
| Set Custom Status                                    |   2    |   1   |    Q1    |
| Private Messaging                                    |   5    |   3   |    Q4    |
| Group Messaging                                      |   4    |   5   |    Q4    |
| Message Reactions                                    |   5    |   3   |    Q4    |
| Message Search                                       |   4    |   3   |    Q4    |
| Edit Messages                                        |   4    |   3   |    Q4    |
| Quote Reply to Messages                              |   4    |   1   |    Q2    |
| Voice Calls                                          |   4    |   4   |    Q4    |
| Video Streaming                                      |   5    |   4   |    Q4    |
| Screen Sharing                                       |   5    |   4   |    Q4    |
| In-App Notifications                                 |   3    |   2   |    Q2    |
| OS Notifications                                     |   4    |   2   |    Q2    |
| Join Server                                          |   3    |   5   |    Q4    |
| Leave Server                                         |   3    |   5   |    Q4    |
| Delete Personal Data on Leave                        |   2    |   5   |    Q3    |
| View Member Info                                     |   1    |   4   |    Q3    |
| View Server Members                                  |   1    |   3   |    Q3    |
| Create Server                                        |   2    |   5   |    Q3    |
| Search File Library                                  |   2    |   3   |    Q3    |
| Remove Library Entries                               |   2    |   5   |    Q3    |
| View Server Info                                     |   1    |   2   |    Q1    |
| Edit Server Info                                     |   2    |   5   |    Q3    |
| Create Text Channels                                 |   2    |   5   |    Q3    |
| Delete Text Channels                                 |   1    |   5   |    Q3    |
| Create Voice Channels                                |   2    |   5   |    Q3    |
| Delete Voice Channels                                |   1    |   5   |    Q3    |
| Enable Video Streaming                               |   1    |   5   |    Q3    |
| Disable Video Streaming                              |   1    |   5   |    Q3    |
| Enable Screen Sharing                                |   1    |   5   |    Q3    |
| Disable Screen Sharing                               |   1    |   5   |    Q3    |
| Create Roles                                         |   2    |   3   |    Q3    |
| Delete Roles                                         |   1    |   3   |    Q3    |
| Assign Roles to Users                                |   3    |   4   |    Q4    |
| Remove Roles from Users                              |   1    |   4   |    Q3    |
| Assign Permissions to Roles                          |   2    |   5   |    Q3    |
| Manage Role Hierarchy                                |   4    |   5   |    Q4    |
| View Role Permissions                                |   1    |   5   |    Q3    |
| Modify Role Permissions                              |   3    |   5   |    Q4    |
| Manage Individual Permissions                        |   3    |   5   |    Q4    |
| View Server Permissions                              |   1    |   5   |    Q3    |
| Modify Server Permissions                            |   2    |   5   |    Q3    |
| Invite Permissions                                   |   2    |   5   |    Q3    |
| Assign Channel-Specific Permissions                  |   3    |   5   |    Q4    |
| View Channel Permissions                             |   1    |   5   |    Q3    |
| Modify Channel Permissions                           |   2    |   5   |    Q3    |
| File Upload Permissions                              |   2    |   5   |    Q3    |
| Channel-Based File Visibility                        |   3    |   5   |    Q4    |
| Ban/Kick/Timeout Users                               |   4    |   5   |    Q4    |
| Reinstate Users (Unban/Lift Timeout)                 |   1    |   5   |    Q3    |
| Invite Users                                         |   2    |   5   |    Q3    |
| Delete Messages                                      |   1    |   4   |    Q3    |
| Pin Messages                                         |   2    |   2   |    Q1    |
| Unpin Messages                                       |   1    |   2   |    Q1    |
| Monitor Storage Usage                                |   3    |   4   |    Q4    |
| View File Library                                    |   1    |   3   |    Q3    |
| Add Files                                            |   3    |   3   |    Q4    |
| Remove Files                                         |   2    |   5   |    Q3    |
| Search for Files in Library                          |   2    |   3   |    Q3    |
| User Theme Settings                                  |   4    |   2   |    Q2    |
| Server Theme Settings                                |   4    |   2   |    Q2    |
| Support for Client-side Custom Plugins               |   5    |   3   |    Q4    |
| Support for Server-side Custom Plugins               |   5    |   3   |    Q4    |
| Plugin Manager                                       |   5    |   3   |    Q4    |
| Export/Download Personal Data                        |   3    |   5   |    Q4    |
| Choose Profile Data Storage Location                 |   3    |   5   |    Q4    |
| Update Software                                      |   5    |   5   |    Q4    |
| System Health Monitoring                             |   3    |   4   |    Q4    |
| Configure Backup Settings                            |   2    |   5   |    Q3    |
| Configure Restore Settings                           |   2    |   5   |    Q3    |
| Create Backup                                        |   5    |   5   |    Q4    |
| Restore Backup                                       |   5    |   5   |    Q4    |
| Log Monitoring                                       |   2    |   4   |    Q3    |
| Audit Logs                                           |   2    |   4   |    Q3    |
| Health Status                                        |   1    |   4   |    Q3    |
| Resource Usage                                       |   1    |   4   |    Q3    |
| Desktop Application                                  |   5    |   5   |    Q4    |
| Mobile Application                                   |   5    |   5   |    Q4    |
| Web Application                                      |   5    |   5   |    Q4    |
| Screen Reader Support                                |   5    |   4   |    Q4    |
| Keyboard Navigation                                  |   5    |   5   |    Q4    |
| High Contrast Mode                                   |   5    |   4   |    Q4    |
| Multi-Language Support                               |   5    |   5   |    Q4    |

Commit message:

Extend on clean up of taskprioritisation.md
- Rename Legend to Structure
- Correct definition for each section

Planning/TaskPrioritisation.md, after:

# Task Prioritisation

## Overview
This document outlines the tasks and their priority level for the project. This project will use the Value vs Effort matrix to determine the priority of tasks.

## Tasks and Priorities

### Structure
The value vs effort matrix will be structured as a table with the following columns:
- **Task Name**: The name of the task to be completed.
- **Effort**: The estimated effort required to complete the task.
- **Value**: The value or benefit the task provides to the user or the system.
- **Quadrant**: The quadrant in the Value vs Effort matrix where the task falls

### Value vs Effort Matrix

This project uses a Value vs Effort matrix to prioritize tasks. Each task is evaluated on two dimensions which are **Value** and **Effort**. The tasks are then categorized into four quadrants based on their scores. The metrics go from low to high number, which is equivalent to low to high priority. The higher the number, the more important the task is to the project.

**Value Scale (1-5):**
- 1 = Very Low Value
- 2 = Low Value  
- 3 = Medium Value
- 4 = High Value
- 5 = Very High Value

**Effort Scale (1-5):**
- 1 = Very Low Effort
- 2 = Low Effort
- 3 = Medium Effort
- 4 = High Effort
- 5 = Very High Effort

**Resulting Quadrants:**
- **Q1**: Low Value (1-2), Low Effort (1-2) - **Fill Ins** - Do when you have spare time
- **Q2**: Low Value (1-2), High Effort (3-5) - **Time Sinks** - Avoid or de-prioritise  
- **Q3**: High Value (3-5), Low Effort (1-2) - **Quick Wins** - Do first
- **Q4**: High Value (3-5), High Effort (3-5) - **Major Projects** - Plan carefully

*All assessments are subjective and can be adjusted based on a group consensus.*

| Task Name                                            | Effort | Value | Quadrant |
|------------------------------------------------------|--------|-------|----------|
| Create Account                                       |   3    |   5   |    Q4    |
| Delete Account                                       |   1    |   5   |    Q3    |
| Update Account Info                                  |   2    |   5   |    Q3    |
| Create Server-Specific Names                         |   4    |   3   |    Q4    |
| View Account Info                                    |   1    |   5   |    Q3    |
| Email Verification                                   |   3    |   5   |    Q4    |
| Password Reset                                       |   2    |   5   |    Q3    |
| Set Personal Data deletion on Server Leave Globally  |   1    |   5   |    Q3    |
| Set Account Not Included in Backups Globally         |   1    |   5   |    Q3    |
| Login                                                |   2    |   5   |    Q3    |
| Logout                                               |   2    |   5   |    Q3    |
| Two-Factor Authentication                            |   4    |   5   |    Q4    |
| View Status                                          |   2    |   2   |    Q1    |
| Modify Status                                        |   1    |   1   |    Q1    |
| Block Users                                          |   3    |   4   |    Q4    |
| Mute Users                                           |   3    |   3   |    Q4    |
| Unblock Users                                        |   1    |   4   |    Q3    |
| Unmute Users                                         |   1    |   3   |    Q3    |
| Set Custom Status                                    |   2    |   1   |    Q1    |
| Private Messaging                                    |   5    |   3   |    Q4    |
| Group Messaging                                      |   4    |   5   |    Q4    |
| Message Reactions                                    |   5    |   3   |    Q4    |
| Message Search                                       |   4    |   3   |    Q4    |
| Edit Messages                                        |   4    |   3   |    Q4    |
| Quote Reply to Messages                              |   4    |   1   |    Q2    |
| Voice Calls                                          |   4    |   4   |    Q4    |
| Video Streaming                                      |   5    |   4   |    Q4    |
| Screen Sharing                                       |   5    |   4   |    Q4    |
| In-App Notifications                                 |   3    |   2   |    Q2    |
| OS Notifications                                     |   4    |   2   |    Q2    |
| Join Server                                          |   3    |   5   |    Q4    |
| Leave Server                                         |   3    |   5   |    Q4    |
| Delete Personal Data on Leave                        |   2    |   5   |    Q3    |
| View Member Info                                     |   1    |   4   |    Q3    |
| View Server Members                                  |   1    |   3   |    Q3    |
| Create Server                                        |   2    |   5   |    Q3    |
| Search File Library                                  |   2    |   3   |    Q3    |
| Remove Library Entries                               |   2    |   5   |    Q3    |
| View Server Info                                     |   1    |   2   |    Q1    |
| Edit Server Info                                     |   2    |   5   |    Q3    |
| Create Text Channels                                 |   2    |   5   |    Q3    |
| Delete Text Channels                                 |   1    |   5   |    Q3    |
| Create Voice Channels                                |   2    |   5   |    Q3    |
| Delete Voice Channels                                |   1    |   5   |    Q3    |
| Enable Video Streaming                               |   1    |   5   |    Q3    |
| Disable Video Streaming                              |   1    |   5   |    Q3    |
| Enable Screen Sharing                                |   1    |   5   |    Q3    |
| Disable Screen Sharing                               |   1    |   5   |    Q3    |
| Create Roles                                         |   2    |   3   |    Q3    |
| Delete Roles                                         |   1    |   3   |    Q3    |
| Assign Roles to Users                                |   3    |   4   |    Q4    |
| Remove Roles from Users                              |   1    |   4   |    Q3    |
| Assign Permissions to Roles                          |   2    |   5   |    Q3    |
| Manage Role Hierarchy                                |   4    |   5   |    Q4    |
| View Role Permissions                                |   1    |   5   |    Q3    |
| Modify Role Permissions                              |   3    |   5   |    Q4    |
| Manage Individual Permissions                        |   3    |   5   |    Q4    |
| View Server Permissions                              |   1    |   5   |    Q3    |
| Modify Server Permissions                            |   2    |   5   |    Q3    |
| Invite Permissions                                   |   2    |   5   |    Q3    |
| Assign Channel-Specific Permissions                  |   3    |   5   |    Q4    |
| View Channel Permissions                             |   1    |   5   |    Q3    |
| Modify Channel Permissions                           |   2    |   5   |    Q3    |
| File Upload Permissions                              |   2    |   5   |    Q3    |
| Channel-Based File Visibility                        |   3    |   5   |    Q4    |
| Ban/Kick/Timeout Users                               |   4    |   5   |    Q4    |
| Reinstate Users (Unban/Lift Timeout)                 |   1    |   5   |    Q3    |
| Invite Users                                         |   2    |   5   |    Q3    |
| Delete Messages                                      |   1    |   4   |    Q3    |
| Pin Messages                                         |   2    |   2   |    Q1    |
| Unpin Messages                                       |   1    |   2   |    Q1    |
| Monitor Storage Usage                                |   3    |   4   |    Q4    |
| View File Library                                    |   1    |   3   |    Q3    |
| Add Files                                            |   3    |   3   |    Q4    |
| Remove Files                                         |   2    |   5   |    Q3    |
| Search for Files in Library                          |   2    |   3   |    Q3    |
| User Theme Settings                                  |   4    |   2   |    Q2    |
| Server Theme Settings                                |   4    |   2   |    Q2    |
| Support for Client-side Custom Plugins               |   5    |   3   |    Q4    |
| Support for Server-side Custom Plugins               |   5    |   3   |    Q4    |
| Plugin Manager                                       |   5    |   3   |    Q4    |
| Export/Download Personal Data                        |   3    |   5   |    Q4    |
| Choose Profile Data Storage Location                 |   3    |   5   |    Q4    |
| Update Software                                      |   5    |   5   |    Q4    |
| System Health Monitoring                             |   3    |   4   |    Q4    |
| Configure Backup Settings                            |   2    |   5   |    Q3    |
| Configure Restore Settings                           |   2    |   5   |    Q3    |
| Create Backup                                        |   5    |   5   |    Q4    |
| Restore Backup                                       |   5    |   5   |    Q4    |
| Log Monitoring                                       |   2    |   4   |    Q3    |
| Audit Logs                                           |   2    |   4   |    Q3    |
| Health Status                                        |   1    |   4   |    Q3    |
| Resource Usage                                       |   1    |   4   |    Q3    |
| Desktop Application                                  |   5    |   5   |    Q4    |
| Mobile Application                                   |   5    |   5   |    Q4    |
| Web Application                                      |   5    |   5   |    Q4    |
| Screen Reader Support                                |   5    |   4   |    Q4    |
| Keyboard Navigation                                  |   5    |   5   |    Q4    |
| High Contrast Mode                                   |   5    |   4   |    Q4    |
| Multi-Language Support                               |   5    |   5   |    Q4    |
