README.md, before:

# ConnText-Docs

**ConnText**: A software platform designed to facilitate and enhance communication, collaboration, and connection among individuals and groups with a focus on privacy, security, and user empowerment.

This repository will have all the documentation related to [ConnText-Desktop](https://github.com/Mx-Angel/ConnText-Desktop) and [ConnText-Server](https://github.com/Mx-Angel/ConnText-Server).

The documentation was created in a specific order to help developers and users understand the project, its features, and how to contribute. It is structured to provide a comprehensive overview of the project, including its architecture, design decisions, and implementation details. The documentation should be read in the following order:

# Planning
1. [Raw Ideas](Planning/RawIdeas.md)
2. [User Stories](Planning/UserStories.md)
3. [NFR Register](Planning/NFRRegister.md)
4. [Feature Tree (text)](Planning/FeatureTreeText.txt)/[Feature Tree (diagram)](Diagrams/FeatureTree.png)
5. [Task Prioritisation](Planning/TaskPrioritisation.md)
6. [RAD Register](Planning/RADRegister.md)
7. [Roadmap](Planning/RoadMap.md)
8. [Tech Stack](Planning/TechStack.md)

# Design
1. Architecture
    - [Architecture Overview](Design/ArchitectureNotes.md)
    - [Frontend Architecture Diagram](Design/Diagrams/FrontendArchitectureDiagram.png)
    - [Backend Architecture Diagram](Design/Diagrams/BackendArchitectureDiagram.png)

Note that the documentation isn't perfect, no documentation is, but if you find any mistakes or have suggestions for improvements, please feel free to open an issue or a pull request.

All documentation is licensed under the [CC BY-SA 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/) license.

Commit message:

Add missing changes to Planning section

README.md, after:

# ConnText-Docs

**ConnText**: A software platform designed to facilitate and enhance communication, collaboration, and connection among individuals and groups with a focus on privacy, security, and user empowerment.

This repository will have all the documentation related to [ConnText-Desktop](https://github.com/Mx-Angel/ConnText-Desktop) and [ConnText-Server](https://github.com/Mx-Angel/ConnText-Server).

The documentation was created in a specific order to help developers and users understand the project, its features, and how to contribute. It is structured to provide a comprehensive overview of the project, including its architecture, design decisions, and implementation details. The documentation should be read in the following order:

# Planning
1. [Raw Ideas](Planning/RawIdeas.md)
2. [User Stories](Planning/UserStories.md)
3. [NFR Register](Planning/NFRRegister.md)
4. [Feature Tree Diagram](Diagrams/FeatureTree.png)
5. [Task Prioritisation](Planning/TaskPrioritisation.md)
6. [RAD Register](Planning/RADRegister.md)
7. [Roadmap](Planning/RoadMap.md)
8. [Tech Stack](Planning/TechStack.md)

> Note that a text version of the Feature Tree diagram is available in [Planning/FeatureTreeText](Planning/FeatureTreeText.txt).

# Design
1. Architecture
    - [Architecture Overview](Design/ArchitectureNotes.md)
    - [Frontend Architecture Diagram](Design/Diagrams/FrontendArchitectureDiagram.png)
    - [Backend Architecture Diagram](Design/Diagrams/BackendArchitectureDiagram.png)

Note that the documentation isn't perfect, no documentation is, but if you find any mistakes or have suggestions for improvements, please feel free to open an issue or a pull request.

All documentation is licensed under the [CC BY-SA 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/) license.
