Design/ColourPalette.md, before:

# Colour Palette

## Overview
This file provides a comprehensive overview of the color palette used in the ConnText application. The colour palette used it based of off the Catppuccin colour scheme. All 4 main palette colours; Latte; Frappé; Macchiato; and Mocha. 

> I was not able to follow the colour palette exactly as specified in the Catppuccin documentation due to conflicts with the WCAG guidelines, as a result I made some adjustments to ensure better accessibility. Where this colour palette differs from the original it will be noted using a <span style="color: red;">red</span> font. Examples: "Button Text" is a new entry; "Subtext 2" is an addition; etc.

## Related Links
 - [Catppuccin Repository](https://github.com/catppuccin/catppuccin)
 - [Catppuccin Style Guide](https://github.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/blob/main/docs/style-guide.md)
 - [Catppuccin Color Palette](https://catppuccin.com/palette/)
 - [Catppuccin Specification](https://github.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/blob/main/docs/specs.md)
 - [WCAG Contrast Checker](https://webaim.org/resources/contrastchecker/)

## Latte Theme (Default)
<table>
  <tr>
    <th colspan="3" align="center"><h4>Background Colors</h4></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Function</th>
    <th colspan="2">Colors</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Background Pane</td>
    <td>Base</td>
    <td>
      #EFF1F5
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Secondary Panes</td>
    <td>
      Crust,<br>
      Mantle
    </td>
    <td>
      #DCE0E8
      <br>
      #E6E9EF
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Surface Elements</td>
    <td>
      Surface 0,<br>
      Surface 1,<br>
      Surface 2
    </td>
    <td>
      #CCD0DA
      <br>
      #BCC0CC
      <br>
      #ACB0BE
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Overlays</td>
    <td>
      Overlay 0,<br>
      Overlay 1,<br>
      Overlay 2
    </td>
    <td>
      #9CA0B0
      <br>
      #8c8fa1
      <br>
      #7c7f93
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th colspan="3" align="center"><h4>Typography</h4></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Function</th>
    <th colspan="2">Colors</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Body Copy</td>
    <td>Text</td>
    <td>
      #4c4f69
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Main Headline</td>
    <td>Text</td>
    <td>
      #4c4f69
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Sub-Headlines, Labels</td>
    <td>
      Subtext 0,<br>
      Subtext 1,<br>
      <span style="color: red;">Subtext 2</span>
    </td>
    <td>
      #6c6f85
      <br>
      #5c5f77
      <br>
      #54576D
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Subtle</td>
    <td>Overlay 1</td>
    <td>
      #8c8fa1
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Links, URLs</td>
    <td>Blue</td>
    <td>
      #1e66f5
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Success</td>
    <td>Green</td>
    <td>
      #40a02b
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Warnings</td>
    <td>Yellow</td>
    <td>
      #df8e1d
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Errors</td>
    <td>Red</td>
    <td>
      #d20f39
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Tags, Pills</td>
    <td>Blue</td>
    <td>
      #1e66f5
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><span style="color: red;">Button Text</span></td>
    <td>White</td>
    <td>
      #f2f6f7
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Selection Background</td>
    <td>
      Overlay 2<br>
      <strong>20% - 30% Opacity</strong>
    </td>
    <td>
      #7c7f93
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Cursor</td>
    <td>Rosewater</td>
    <td>
      #dc8a78
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

## Frappé Theme
<table>
  <tr>
    <th colspan="3" align="center"><h4>Background Colors</h4></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Function</th>
    <th colspan="2">Colors</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Background Pane</td>
    <td>Base</td>
    <td>
      #303446
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Secondary Panes</td>
    <td>
      Crust,<br>
      Mantle
    </td>
    <td>
      #232634
      <br>
      #292c3c
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Surface Elements</td>
    <td>
      Surface 0,<br>
      Surface 1,<br>
      Surface 2
    </td>
    <td>
      #414559
      <br>
      #51576D
      <br>
      #626880
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Overlays</td>
    <td>
      Overlay 0,<br>
      Overlay 1,<br>
      Overlay 2
    </td>
    <td>
      #737994
      <br>
      #838ba7
      <br>
      #949cbb
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th colspan="3" align="center"><h4>Typography</h4></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Function</th>
    <th colspan="2">Colors</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Body Copy</td>
    <td>Text</td>
    <td>
      #c6d0f5
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Main Headline</td>
    <td>Text</td>
    <td>
      #c6d0f5
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Sub-Headlines, Labels</td>
    <td>
      Subtext 0,<br>
      Subtext 1
    </td>
    <td>
      #a5adce
      <br>
      #b5bfe2
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Subtle</td>
    <td>Overlay 1</td>
    <td>
      #838ba7
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Links, URLs</td>
    <td>
      Blue, <br>
      <span style="color: red;">Alt Blue</span>
    </td>
    <td>
      #8CAAEE, <br>
      #9AB3EF
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Success</td>
    <td>Green</td>
    <td>
      #A6D189
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Warnings</td>
    <td>Yellow</td>
    <td>
      #E5C890
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Errors</td>
    <td>Red</td>
    <td>
      #E78284
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Tags, Pills</td>
    <td>
      Blue, <br>
      <span style="color: red;">Alt Blue</span>
    </td>
    <td>
      #8CAAEE <br>
      #9AB3EF
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><span style="color: red;">Button Text</span></td>
    <td>Grey</td>
    <td>
      #363944
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Selection Background</td>
    <td>
      Overlay 2<br>
      <strong>20% - 30% Opacity</strong>
    </td>
    <td>
      #949cbb
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Cursor</td>
    <td>Rosewater</td>
    <td>
      #f2d5cf
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

## Macchiato Theme
<table>
  <tr>
    <th colspan="3" align="center"><h4>Background Colors</h4></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Function</th>
    <th colspan="2">Colors</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Background Pane</td>
    <td>Base</td>
    <td>
      #24273a
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Secondary Panes</td>
    <td>
      Crust,<br>
      Mantle
    </td>
    <td>
      #181926
      <br>
      #1e2030
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Surface Elements</td>
    <td>
      Surface 0,<br>
      Surface 1,<br>
      Surface 2
    </td>
    <td>
      #363a4f
      <br>
      #494d64
      <br>
      #5b6078
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Overlays</td>
    <td>
      Overlay 0,<br>
      Overlay 1,<br>
      Overlay 2
    </td>
    <td>
      #6e738d
      <br>
      #8087a2
      <br>
      #939ab7
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th colspan="3" align="center"><h4>Typography</h4></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Function</th>
    <th colspan="2">Colors</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Body Copy</td>
    <td>Text</td>
    <td>
      #cad3f5
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Main Headline</td>
    <td>Text</td>
    <td>
      #cad3f5
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Sub-Headlines, Labels</td>
    <td>
      Subtext 0,<br>
      Subtext 1
    </td>
    <td>
      #a5adcb
      <br>
      #b8c0e0
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Subtle</td>
    <td>Overlay 1</td>
    <td>
      #8087a2
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Links, URLs</td>
    <td>Blue</td>
    <td>
      #8aadf4
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Success</td>
    <td>Green</td>
    <td>
      #a6da95
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Warnings</td>
    <td>Yellow</td>
    <td>
      #eed49f
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Errors</td>
    <td>Red</td>
    <td>
      #ed8796
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Tags, Pills</td>
    <td>Blue</td>
    <td>
      #8aadf4
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><span style="color: red;">Button Text</span></td>
    <td>Grey</td>
    <td>
      #2D2F34
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Selection Background</td>
    <td>
      Overlay 2<br>
      <strong>20% - 30% Opacity</strong>
    </td>
    <td>
      #939ab7
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Cursor</td>
    <td>Rosewater</td>
    <td>
      #f4dbd6
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

## Mocha Theme
<table>
  <tr>
    <th colspan="3" align="center"><h4>Background Colors</h4></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Function</th>
    <th colspan="2">Colors</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Background Pane</td>
    <td>Base</td>
    <td>
      #1e1e2e
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Secondary Panes</td>
    <td>
      Crust,<br>
      Mantle
    </td>
    <td>
      #11111b
      <br>
      #181825
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Surface Elements</td>
    <td>
      Surface 0,<br>
      Surface 1,<br>
      Surface 2
    </td>
    <td>
      #313244
      <br>
      #45475a
      <br>
      #585b70
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Overlays</td>
    <td>
      Overlay 0,<br>
      Overlay 1,<br>
      Overlay 2
    </td>
    <td>
      #6c7086
      <br>
      #7f849c
      <br>
      #9399b2
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th colspan="3" align="center"><h4>Typography</h4></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Function</th>
    <th colspan="2">Colors</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Body Copy</td>
    <td>Text</td>
    <td>
      #cdd6f4
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Main Headline</td>
    <td>Text</td>
    <td>
      #cdd6f4
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Sub-Headlines, Labels</td>
    <td>
      Subtext 0,<br>
      Subtext 1
    </td>
    <td>
      #a6adc8
      <br>
      #bac2de
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Subtle</td>
    <td>Overlay 1</td>
    <td>
      #7f849c
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Links, URLs</td>
    <td>Blue</td>
    <td>
      #89b4fa
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Success</td>
    <td>Green</td>
    <td>
      #a6e3a1
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Warnings</td>
    <td>Yellow</td>
    <td>
      #f9e2af
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Errors</td>
    <td>Red</td>
    <td>
      #f38ba8
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Tags, Pills</td>
    <td>Blue</td>
    <td>
      #89b4fa
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><span style="color: red;">Button Text</span></td>
    <td>Grey</td>
    <td>
      #252632
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Selection Background</td>
    <td>
      Overlay 2<br>
      <strong>20% - 30% Opacity</strong>
    </td>
    <td>
      #9399b2
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Cursor</td>
    <td>Rosewater</td>
    <td>
      #f5e0dc
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

Commit message:

Add new wallpapers and modify project structure
- Move all login related files into their own folder
- Update all wallpapers to be unique
- Update mocha wallpaper to use crust and surface 0 instead of base and
  crust to better represent light theme

Design/ColourPalette.md, after:

# Colour Palette

## Overview
This file provides a comprehensive overview of the color palette used in the ConnText application. The colour palette used it based of off the Catppuccin colour scheme. All 4 main palette colours; Latte; Frappé; Macchiato; and Mocha. 

> I was not able to follow the colour palette exactly as specified in the Catppuccin documentation due to conflicts with the WCAG guidelines, as a result I made some adjustments to ensure better accessibility. Where this colour palette differs from the original it will be noted using a <span style="color: red;">red</span> font. Examples: "Button Text" is a new entry; "Subtext 2" is an addition; etc. Any changes made in use, e.g. background colour for foreground elements will need to be noted in markdown files describing the implementation.

## Related Links
 - [Catppuccin Repository](https://github.com/catppuccin/catppuccin)
 - [Catppuccin Style Guide](https://github.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/blob/main/docs/style-guide.md)
 - [Catppuccin Color Palette](https://catppuccin.com/palette/)
 - [Catppuccin Specification](https://github.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/blob/main/docs/specs.md)
 - [WCAG Contrast Checker](https://webaim.org/resources/contrastchecker/)

## Latte Theme (Default)
<table>
  <tr>
    <th colspan="3" align="center"><h4>Background Colors</h4></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Function</th>
    <th colspan="2">Colors</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Background Pane</td>
    <td>Base</td>
    <td>
      #EFF1F5
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Secondary Panes</td>
    <td>
      Crust,<br>
      Mantle
    </td>
    <td>
      #DCE0E8
      <br>
      #E6E9EF
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Surface Elements</td>
    <td>
      Surface 0,<br>
      Surface 1,<br>
      Surface 2
    </td>
    <td>
      #CCD0DA
      <br>
      #BCC0CC
      <br>
      #ACB0BE
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Overlays</td>
    <td>
      Overlay 0,<br>
      Overlay 1,<br>
      Overlay 2
    </td>
    <td>
      #9CA0B0
      <br>
      #8c8fa1
      <br>
      #7c7f93
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th colspan="3" align="center"><h4>Typography</h4></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Function</th>
    <th colspan="2">Colors</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Body Copy</td>
    <td>Text</td>
    <td>
      #4c4f69
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Main Headline</td>
    <td>Text</td>
    <td>
      #4c4f69
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Sub-Headlines, Labels</td>
    <td>
      Subtext 0,<br>
      Subtext 1,<br>
      <span style="color: red;">Subtext 2</span>
    </td>
    <td>
      #6c6f85
      <br>
      #5c5f77
      <br>
      #54576D
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Subtle</td>
    <td>Overlay 1</td>
    <td>
      #8c8fa1
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Links, URLs</td>
    <td>Blue</td>
    <td>
      #1e66f5
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Success</td>
    <td>Green</td>
    <td>
      #40a02b
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Warnings</td>
    <td>Yellow</td>
    <td>
      #df8e1d
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Errors</td>
    <td>Red</td>
    <td>
      #d20f39
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Tags, Pills</td>
    <td>Blue</td>
    <td>
      #1e66f5
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><span style="color: red;">Button Text</span></td>
    <td>White</td>
    <td>
      #f2f6f7
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Selection Background</td>
    <td>
      Overlay 2<br>
      <strong>20% - 30% Opacity</strong>
    </td>
    <td>
      #7c7f93
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Cursor</td>
    <td>Rosewater</td>
    <td>
      #dc8a78
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

## Frappé Theme
<table>
  <tr>
    <th colspan="3" align="center"><h4>Background Colors</h4></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Function</th>
    <th colspan="2">Colors</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Background Pane</td>
    <td>Base</td>
    <td>
      #303446
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Secondary Panes</td>
    <td>
      Crust,<br>
      Mantle
    </td>
    <td>
      #232634
      <br>
      #292c3c
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Surface Elements</td>
    <td>
      Surface 0,<br>
      Surface 1,<br>
      Surface 2
    </td>
    <td>
      #414559
      <br>
      #51576D
      <br>
      #626880
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Overlays</td>
    <td>
      Overlay 0,<br>
      Overlay 1,<br>
      Overlay 2
    </td>
    <td>
      #737994
      <br>
      #838ba7
      <br>
      #949cbb
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th colspan="3" align="center"><h4>Typography</h4></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Function</th>
    <th colspan="2">Colors</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Body Copy</td>
    <td>Text</td>
    <td>
      #c6d0f5
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Main Headline</td>
    <td>Text</td>
    <td>
      #c6d0f5
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Sub-Headlines, Labels</td>
    <td>
      Subtext 0,<br>
      Subtext 1
    </td>
    <td>
      #a5adce
      <br>
      #b5bfe2
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Subtle</td>
    <td>Overlay 1</td>
    <td>
      #838ba7
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Links, URLs</td>
    <td>
      Blue, <br>
      <span style="color: red;">Alt Blue</span>
    </td>
    <td>
      #8CAAEE, <br>
      #9AB3EF
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Success</td>
    <td>Green</td>
    <td>
      #A6D189
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Warnings</td>
    <td>Yellow</td>
    <td>
      #E5C890
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Errors</td>
    <td>Red</td>
    <td>
      #E78284
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Tags, Pills</td>
    <td>
      Blue, <br>
      <span style="color: red;">Alt Blue</span>
    </td>
    <td>
      #8CAAEE <br>
      #9AB3EF
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><span style="color: red;">Button Text</span></td>
    <td>Grey</td>
    <td>
      #363944
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Selection Background</td>
    <td>
      Overlay 2<br>
      <strong>20% - 30% Opacity</strong>
    </td>
    <td>
      #949cbb
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Cursor</td>
    <td>Rosewater</td>
    <td>
      #f2d5cf
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

## Macchiato Theme
<table>
  <tr>
    <th colspan="3" align="center"><h4>Background Colors</h4></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Function</th>
    <th colspan="2">Colors</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Background Pane</td>
    <td>Base</td>
    <td>
      #24273a
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Secondary Panes</td>
    <td>
      Crust,<br>
      Mantle
    </td>
    <td>
      #181926
      <br>
      #1e2030
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Surface Elements</td>
    <td>
      Surface 0,<br>
      Surface 1,<br>
      Surface 2
    </td>
    <td>
      #363a4f
      <br>
      #494d64
      <br>
      #5b6078
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Overlays</td>
    <td>
      Overlay 0,<br>
      Overlay 1,<br>
      Overlay 2
    </td>
    <td>
      #6e738d
      <br>
      #8087a2
      <br>
      #939ab7
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th colspan="3" align="center"><h4>Typography</h4></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Function</th>
    <th colspan="2">Colors</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Body Copy</td>
    <td>Text</td>
    <td>
      #cad3f5
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Main Headline</td>
    <td>Text</td>
    <td>
      #cad3f5
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Sub-Headlines, Labels</td>
    <td>
      Subtext 0,<br>
      Subtext 1
    </td>
    <td>
      #a5adcb
      <br>
      #b8c0e0
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Subtle</td>
    <td>Overlay 1</td>
    <td>
      #8087a2
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Links, URLs</td>
    <td>Blue</td>
    <td>
      #8aadf4
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Success</td>
    <td>Green</td>
    <td>
      #a6da95
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Warnings</td>
    <td>Yellow</td>
    <td>
      #eed49f
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Errors</td>
    <td>Red</td>
    <td>
      #ed8796
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Tags, Pills</td>
    <td>Blue</td>
    <td>
      #8aadf4
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><span style="color: red;">Button Text</span></td>
    <td>Grey</td>
    <td>
      #2D2F34
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Selection Background</td>
    <td>
      Overlay 2<br>
      <strong>20% - 30% Opacity</strong>
    </td>
    <td>
      #939ab7
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Cursor</td>
    <td>Rosewater</td>
    <td>
      #f4dbd6
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

## Mocha Theme
<table>
  <tr>
    <th colspan="3" align="center"><h4>Background Colors</h4></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Function</th>
    <th colspan="2">Colors</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Background Pane</td>
    <td>Base</td>
    <td>
      #1e1e2e
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Secondary Panes</td>
    <td>
      Crust,<br>
      Mantle
    </td>
    <td>
      #11111b
      <br>
      #181825
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Surface Elements</td>
    <td>
      Surface 0,<br>
      Surface 1,<br>
      Surface 2
    </td>
    <td>
      #313244
      <br>
      #45475a
      <br>
      #585b70
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Overlays</td>
    <td>
      Overlay 0,<br>
      Overlay 1,<br>
      Overlay 2
    </td>
    <td>
      #6c7086
      <br>
      #7f849c
      <br>
      #9399b2
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th colspan="3" align="center"><h4>Typography</h4></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Function</th>
    <th colspan="2">Colors</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Body Copy</td>
    <td>Text</td>
    <td>
      #cdd6f4
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Main Headline</td>
    <td>Text</td>
    <td>
      #cdd6f4
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Sub-Headlines, Labels</td>
    <td>
      Subtext 0,<br>
      Subtext 1
    </td>
    <td>
      #a6adc8
      <br>
      #bac2de
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Subtle</td>
    <td>Overlay 1</td>
    <td>
      #7f849c
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Links, URLs</td>
    <td>Blue</td>
    <td>
      #89b4fa
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Success</td>
    <td>Green</td>
    <td>
      #a6e3a1
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Warnings</td>
    <td>Yellow</td>
    <td>
      #f9e2af
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Errors</td>
    <td>Red</td>
    <td>
      #f38ba8
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Tags, Pills</td>
    <td>Blue</td>
    <td>
      #89b4fa
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><span style="color: red;">Button Text</span></td>
    <td>Grey</td>
    <td>
      #252632
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Selection Background</td>
    <td>
      Overlay 2<br>
      <strong>20% - 30% Opacity</strong>
    </td>
    <td>
      #9399b2
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Cursor</td>
    <td>Rosewater</td>
    <td>
      #f5e0dc
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>
